docs: Update HA tracker docs to use memberlist by default (#13002)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configure-high-availability-deduplication.md

#### Configure the HA tracker KV store

The HA tracker requires a key-value (KV) store to coordinate which replica is currently elected.

> Starting from Mimir 3.0, `memberlist` is the recommended and default KV store backend for the HA tracker.

Reviewer: Is there any other usable KV store?

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The `consul` and `etcd` backends are deprecated as of Mimir 3.0. If you're currently using `consul` or `etcd` for the HA tracker, refer to the migration guide for instructions on migrating to `memberlist`.
{{< /admonition >}}

The following CLI flags (and their respective YAML configuration options) are available for configuring the HA tracker KV store:

- `-distributor.ha-tracker.store`: The backend storage to use (default: `memberlist`).

> - `-memberlist.*`: The memberlist client configuration. This is common and used by other Mimir components as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `-distributor.ha-tracker.store`: Backend storage to use (default: `memberlist`).
- `-memberlist.*`: Memberlist client configuration. This is shared by multiple components.
```
